Update documentation (#127)
pulumi/pulumi-tf-provider-boilerplate: README.md

- [`pulumictl`](https://github.com/pulumi/pulumictl#installation)
- [Go 1.17](https://golang.org/dl/) or 1.latest

> - [NodeJS](https://nodejs.org/en/) 14.x or greater.  We recommend using [nvm](https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm) to manage NodeJS installations.

Reviewer: We actually aim to match the nodejs on their supported versions so should probably just say that. 

```suggestion
- [NodeJS](https://nodejs.org/en/) Active or maintenance version ([Node.js Releases](https://nodejs.org/en/about/previous-releases)).  We recommend using [nvm](https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm) to manage NodeJS installations.
```

## Adding Mappings, Building the Provider and SDKs

> [!NOTE]

> > Recent versions of this repository leverage [automatic token mapping](https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-terraform-bridge/blob/master/docs/automatic-token-mapping.md) as an alternative to mapping resources manually. Unless you have a specific use case that requires manual mapping, you may skip this section.

Reviewer: I think technically, you still need the later steps in this section. Maybe try this instead:
```suggestion
> Recent versions of this repository leverage [automatic token mapping](https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-terraform-bridge/blob/master/docs/automatic-token-mapping.md) as an alternative to mapping resources manually. If you did not see any warnings about unmapped resources in the step above, you may skip directly to building the provider binary.
```
